---
title: Landing Page
publishDate: 2019-10-02 00:00:00
img: /assets/landingpage.png
img_alt: Soft pink and baby blue water ripples together in a subtle texture.
description: |
 Tech Stack and Tools used: PHP, Bootstrap, HTML, JS, CSS, CodeIgniter, MySQL, python
tags:
  - Design
  - Machine Learning
  - Web 
---

Before focusing on web development and mobile development, I had a stint as a data scientist. My role involved researching algorithms for computer vision and creating a landing page (dashboard) to serve as a platform for AI services conducted by my team.

The AI Dashboard is a landing page that encompasses all applications within the AI division. I developed the AI Dashboard using Bootstrap v5, vanilla JS, and CSS. One of the applications featured on the AI Dashboard is the OCR KTP page, which is used for object detection (pictures) and converting them into text. This application is still built using HTML, vanilla JS, and Bootstrap, with a Python backend API.

In addition to the AI Dashboard, I have also built web applications for autoML, autoDL, and AutoVision. I contributed to the frontend development of these applications, which were built using React.js. These web applications are integrated with Kafka and utilize PostgreSQL for the database. AutoVision has the capability to convert videos into pictures and performs training on the server, while AutoML can transform CSV files into tabular data, allowing users to select algorithms and methods for training on the server. The output of both applications is a model.

These projects allowed me to showcase my skills in web development, data science, and AI. Through my contributions, I played a role in building robust and efficient web applications that leverage cutting-edge technologies to provide valuable AI services.